add agora analytics integration (#1713)
DataDog/integrations-extras: agora_analytics/README.md

# Agora Analytics

## Overview

Agora Analytics tracks and interprets real-time voice and video usage, quality, and performance. Analytics is an extension for Agora's Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end-user experience.

This integration sends metrics including usage, quality, and performance data directly to your Datadog account.

## Setup

> 
> ### Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Agora Analytics tracks and interprets real-time voice and video usage, quality, and performance. Analytics is an extension for Agora’s Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end-user experience. 
>     
> When you enable the Analytics integration in Datadog and Agora Console, Analytics pushes usage, quality, and performance data directly to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agora Analytics tracks and interprets real-time voice and video usage, quality, and performance. Analytics is an extension for Agora’s Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end-user experience.

This integration sends metrics including usage, quality, and performance data directly to your Datadog account.
```

Author: Changed

> See the Agora Analytic's integration [documentation][1] for details on configuring the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See the Agora Analytics integration [documentation][1] for details on configuring the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.
```

Author: changed

# Agora Analytics

## Overview

Agora Analytics tracks and interprets real-time voice and video usage, quality, and performance. Analytics is an extension for Agora’s Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end-user experience. 
    
When you enable the Analytics integration in Datadog and Agora Console, Analytics pushes usage, quality, and performance data directly to your Datadog account.

## Setup

### Installation

> The Agora Analytics integration emits logs to Datadog. No installation is required on the Datadog side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Agora Analytics integration emits metrics to Datadog. No installation is required on the Datadog side.
```

# Agora Analytics

## Overview

> Agora Analytics tracks and interprets the usage, quality, and performance of real-time voice and video. Analytics is an extension for Agora’s Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end user experience. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Agora Analytics tracks and interprets real-time voice and video usage, quality, and performance. Analytics is an extension for Agora’s Voice Calling, Video Calling, and Interactive Live Streaming that helps to locate quality issues, find root causes, and fix issues to improve the end-user experience. 
```

    
When you enable the Analytics integration in Datadog and Agora Console, Analytics pushes usage, quality, and performance data directly to your Datadog account.

## Setup

> ### Installation
> 
> The Agora Analytics integration emits metrics to Datadog. No installation is required on the Datadog side.

Reviewer 3: I'd recommend removing this and leaving the configuration section below, as these two have conflicting info.
```suggestion
```

Author: removed

### Configuration

> Visit Agora Analytic's integration [documentation][1] for details on configuring the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See the Agora Analytics integration [documentation][1] for details on configuring the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.
```

Author: changed

> - Visit Agora Analytic's integration [documentation][1] for details on how to configure the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Visit Agora Analytic's integration [documentation][1] for details on configuring the Agora Analytics Datadog Connector.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Agora Analytics does not provide any metrics.

### Events

Agora Analytics does not include any events.

### Service Checks

Agora Analytics does not include any service checks.

## Support

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][2].

Reviewer 2: Please provide Agoras support email here

> To build your own Datadog app, refer to the [Datadog apps developer documentation][2].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
I don't believe we usually include this on integration tiles.
